hi guys welcome back to another video I
hope you're doing really really well and
having a good day whatever you've been
up to
today's video is a rebellious fashion
hole I'm sure quite a few of you guys
probably heard of the brand quite a lot
over on Instagram like a lot of fashion
bloggers and stuff mainly feature a lot
of bear pieces that's where I sort of
found the brand I think they've always
got a sale on you can get something
really good like bargains stuff so yeah
I just thought I'd do a haul I mainly
got quite a lot of tops I always feel
like I'm lacking in the top department
recently when I've been going out I've
just wanted some mutton like nice tops
and I think it's an awkward time here so
I'm short like some pretty tops that I
can sort of pair with like various
things whether it's shorts jeans skirts
and that kind of thing so yeah when I
looked on the website they had loads of
stuff and they had loads of like
detailed tops which I really like here
is the bag I'll just quickly show you
and what I got
how about you've been wearing one of the
belt that's also what I'm going to do is
I'll leave the links and the sizes that
I got down in the description box you
can click away on them I'm not going to
add the prices just because I think they
change the price is so much like usually
they're always putting the prices down
but I'm just gonna start with this
gorgeous black belt which I'll show you
on you tie that round or whatever and
then you kind of you know like that
whole dangly look at a minute
and they just dangles down and looks
super nice kind of like seat belt
material that's the only way I can think
to describe it but I really really like
it so I'm gonna try that on it don't
forget to give this video a thumbs up
whilst you're here but let me know which
is your favourite piece and if you've
got any questions or anything just pop
them in the comments below and then oh
my god picked up this really pretty
white thick lace like really good
quality lace detailing on the arm and I
just think this would just go nice with
jeans or shorts like quite a lot of
things really and then it ties it's got
a tie around the front I haven't tried
this one yet I can't wait to see what
it's like and I got it in a size 8 this
course is so nice it's almost a bit like
a silky fabric alright start getting a
bit chilly in the UK so for sleeves were
appropriate this is without a doubt my
thing
a piece of the entire hull this is
gorgeous white lace crop that kind of
perfectly I'm so flattered they puff out
on your shoulders it's like a spandex
like stretchy kind of material as well
you could wear a bra under this that I'm
quite small on my chest so I've managed
to sneak a bra room but you can't see it
it just it kinda I think it looks more
expensive than it is well you can work
tight or loose and I got this in a size
a and it's perfect
and that is the back I'm sure I think I
have this in black as well so I'm
definitely getting my hands on that but
there is the sleeves but usually when I
buy things like faces I'm a too small or
like too big around here but this is a
really really nice fit and I just think
it's so flattering like this would just
suit anyone and if you're larger burst
of small nose next up I picked up the
little crop and just like a black one
shoulder and you can dress this up or
down that you could wear this with like
joggers and go for like a quirky kind of
look or you can put this like with jeans
just anything really dress it up or down
and I just I really like one shoulder at
the moment just a nice little essential
piece to have in your wardrobe had it
with these gorgeous and shorts
they're like short at the front but the
back which i think is really nice
because I don't always I don't really
like wearing like short short - it a bit
property and it popped on the belt would
be a great little holiday out so much
everyone to do with these shorts that I
can wear a look like look over the top I
maybe would size down and I got on a
beanie but obviously with a better fun
but there was a bit of room without and
then the top is an 8 and it is quite
snug fit actually and I like could this
you can sneak on a bra too as I'm going
away quite soon as well I saw the high
waste paper bag shorts with this really
nice belt mid wash denim and they've got
a little roll up and I just think this
will accentuate your figure those like
some really nice shapes or premium denim
collection I brought these in a size 8
but I just think I like the belt more
than anything I have the paperback
shorts which I don't actually have
anything like this and I think these
really accentuate if I'd wear them
together but I do really like the belt
that comes with this and they're like a
nice thick quality again literal
something like you expecting like
Topshop lazara like quite thick and
super nice like they fit in their visit
in the right places like accentuate that
really sort of own and then sort of
create curves which is always nice I
think after that again I've ended up
buying like three things the exact same
color so then I saw this styled on one
of their like models on the website and
I just fell in love with it it's like a
deep V with this really pretty little
button at the bottom everything that
I've got here the quality is top-notch
that's something my dad would say Oh
little frills leave you got the details
really really nice on it everything and
I think I've got in the size they
actually I don't think I'm necessarily
right with the shores but I think
they're like a nice pair of jeans this
would be really cute haven't got the
best bra Ron just sort of show you but
it's like a nice deep V and I just love
this detail in Africa this is super nice
it always just needs and iron kind of
colors are just like nicer
essentials to have in the wardrobe I
think I need like a stick-on bra or
something and I saw this little places
which comes with this belt and like that
buckle I love this little gold buckle
that soft cheap material but I do really
like that buckle and kind of like Dora
the explora vibes and it's got some
light green thread in which is something
a bit different and I just thought this
would be really nice little evening I'm
lacking like some at night our outfits I
thought this could work and oh oh I
didn't know that it's also it's stretchy
like this is really nice
it's sewn oh look that's live it's gonna
be like a deep V you can wash across
snatch
waist belt I'm here for this I got that
in a size 8 absolutely love it and I
love this deep V I've also paired it
with this bet I think it just looks a
little bit quick here it goes so nice
with these he'll think it looked really
like nice and a bit edgy as well I can
tell you it's so comfy the zip goes all
the way down where you could swap the
felt and then problems from that gold
heels to going back like it gives you a
bit of shape as well and pulls you in
here lots of shots
I'll show you one as well next up is
this little like mesh not mesh it's like
between a mesh and I don't watch it you
know how to describe this I think I've
got this in an orange color so I just
wanted to get it in this one as well I
don't know if it's gonna be a bit
wishy-washy to be on it next we've got
the gorgeous mesh top I'm wearing a sign
they and it's perfect it fits really
really nice I love the quality of this
and I just think it's something a little
bit different when I first put this on I
just thought oh no it's gonna be team
like wishy washy but there's so much you
can do it because it's got a tie here
and a lower tide that it's adjustable so
you can like tighten it so I've kind of
made it in select a little bit of a crop
and also there's just you can style it
so many different ways like you can wear
it sort of off the shoulder or just the
like the two straps but I really love it
like that and it isn't too sort of sheer
it just reminds me something you'd get
out of sorrow see like my hips are huge
so I like how these are a little bit
puffy here and I'm wearing the size 8
and they're a perfect fit so that is the
end of my rebellious fashion hole I
really hope you enjoyed this video it so
much for supporting me and let me know
if you've got any other video
suggestions in the comments down below
and yeah I really have a nice day
evening whatever unit I hopefully see
you guys in the next video